Readme updates (#123)
nextstrain/WNV: README.md

This repository contains three workflows for the analysis of West Nile virus data:

- [`ingest/`](./ingest) - Download data from GenBank, clean and curate it

> - [`phylogenetic/`](./phylogenetic) - Workflows which produce JSONs for visualisation in Auspice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`phylogenetic/`](./phylogenetic) - Workflow which produces JSONs for visualisation in Auspice
```

Isn't this just 1 workflow with multiple "builds"?

Author: You're much better at terminology than me! Changed
